ops to go when they get to the line
those boys get to racing side by side at
a weight team car he'll be licking his
chops back there Kyle Busch well here's
what Burton knows he's got to get it
done now because if a few laps on those
tires and there'll be more like equal it
Mike what a weekend for this 18 bunch
five laps in the practice they lost the
motor won the pole five laps left to
final practice Kyle Busch smacked the
wall they had to stay late last night
they came in 30 minutes early today to
rebuild the right side of this race car
and one impressive stat I think of all
for Kyle Busch she's got 12 Sprint Cup
wins all at 12 different racetracks but
this could be the biggest win of his
career at his home race track Las Vegas
here they come for a second Kyle Busch
on the bottom now he may be able to get
it done this time going down and down
walls got him his time he'll get that
nice low line if he can get back to the
gas right up there he's been really good
getting in there they're not clear there
you got to clear him up now clear him up
he got him he got him now he'll go after
Boyer but Burton's not going to quit
fighting back there that 31 yeah i don't
i don't believe Boyer can hold off the
18 he's a little bit quicker right now
Burton trying to come back on the high
side and not let this win get away well
that'd be a boyars best friend if he if
Burton can get up there and worry the 18
a little bit but I've never seen anybody
worried the 18 very much 17 laps to go
there he goes he's sticking that nose
down there Oh any honey upset you honey
yeah baby get a good night crazy that's
what a confidence right there you gotta
love it man you got a little bit trouble
front straightaway Menard in the wall
hard I dont still don't like this clean
up down here there's still a lot of
state drive just to pass the
start/finish line here you're going to
see a lot of dust that alone is going to
be a big distraction and that's where
they try to get a jump to the high side
seven laps to go green flag when that 18
took off and you see everybody kind of
avoiding that stay dry
the 26 car jamie mcmurray he took
advantage he jumped to the high side
he's got to get a couple of positions
where they could had 18 car take off
Larry he is gone he has given the field
the goodbye look everybody else has got
good years he's got good buys well
you're in trouble jimmie johnson Johnson
the 48 car the caution will wave again
big wreck we got another car spin it
back here too i think it's a Hornish
again it is oh boy well Jimmy Johnson
doesn't have much luck in Las Vegas well
he has that good luck here I just got
the last couple times and Kyle Busch has
gotta wonder will this ever end I think
based on that restart I don't think he
really cares Kyle Busch 121 NASCAR races
in the top 3 Series in 2008 he's going
for his third such victory in 2009
they'll be three laps to go we get this
green flag is if he can time it right
again and I think he has getting just
eases right all the way from the 31 gets
him three or four car links Jeff Burton
is going to try to fight back but so is
boy you're going to try to get under
Burton and that's a that's playing right
into the hands of Kyle Busch
two laps ago and he's inch in a way boy
Boyer got to be careful getting up on
the back end of his teammate like that I
know he wants to get around him but and
I think he may make that pass Larry down
the back we'll see what happens when
Burton drives it into the high side of
three and four I believe your leg ill
there will be coming to the white flag
this time oh hey Carl's smoking Carla
smokings caught another round with in
waking up with 22 quite with one to go
Carl Edwards loses the engine and the
battle is for second in turn one and
they are side-by-side Boyer to the
bottom the fights for second late
Boyer's got here is County clear very
much Terry mother bear get up there atta
boy Edwards to the apron and out of it
here comes Kyle Busch and the eminem's
Toyota he qualified on the pole he had
to start the race in the back and wild
thing is going to win again yeah it down
welcome here Elaine they got one more
time go for it you know what I mean we
didn't have the best car do for that's a
lot to say right good job buddy hometown
win I'd say this will be quite a
celebration in sin city tonight haha
town track pulled it off